well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
democratic national convention
we're going to do this because we have a
whole bunch of questions they're not
even questions it's statements
they're like this doesn't seem very
liberal it's not
it's not but we talked about this it's
not supposed to be
the strategy is to show that a biden
harris
administration is going to be
center-right
that's what they're trying to show they
know
that they have the democratic party vote
that they're they're counting on that
this convention is to reach out
to moderate republicans
to those who are
less than approving of trump's
performance
that's the goal this is why they snubbed
the squad in favor of
literal republicans
if you're looking at this and you're on
the left or you're a progressive liberal
and you're saying i can't believe
they're doing this and you're just
mad it's probably working
their strategy is probably working um
because while you're doing that there is
some moderate republican going
man i don't feel so bad about crossing
party lines right now
and you'll compare this a show
of bipartisan unity
a show of putting america first all of
this stuff
this giant pageant of
blandness
compare that to the republican
convention which is probably going to be
a whole bunch of trump loyalists
shouting four more years and we're doing
everything great
while most of the country has a very
disapproving view
of president trump's performance because
it's
he's low performing
it's not what i want it's not what 90
percent of you want
but the strategy is probably going to be
effective now
it does reiterate the point that this is
going to be a very center-right
administration
because if this works for them now
they're going to want what every
first-term administration wants which is
a second
term and they're not going to change it
up
this will be a very bland administration
it will be an administration that is
just stopping trump that's the goal
maybe repairing some of the damage that
he's caused
you're not going to get that pendulum
swing
back towards liberal progressive
policies
certainly not left policies not with
this crew
um but that's not their goal their goal
is to deny
trump a re-election period that that's
it
for that it's probably going to work
judging by the amount of animosity
that the current lineup and the current
uh
rhetoric is generating from the actual
left
it's probably really appealing to
the center-right republicans to the
moderate republicans
that's their goal whether or not
that strategy translates into votes we
won't find out for a while
but from the social media gauge
it's probably working so
as you watch this and discuss
just remember it's not for you you're
not supposed to like it
you're uh your neighbor who at one time
had a
trump bumper sticker on his car but now
it's gone
that's who this is supposed to appeal to
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day